[WIP] TELCODOCS-348-SNO-CONNECTED:Review draft (#45557)
openshift/openshift-docs: scalability_and_performance/sno-du-connected.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="sno-du-deploying-distributed-units-manually-on-single-node-openshift-connected"]

> = Deploying distributed units manually on single node OpenShift in a connected environment

Author: @imiller0 @yliu127 Wondering if this title should be changed?

Reviewer: My opinion is that this document describes how to tune a cluster for DU workloads and specifically it does not touch on the environment in which that is done. This same procedure holds for both connected and disconnected environments. The closest we get to this being "specific to connected" is that the subscriptions use the default (connected) registry names. I think that we should omit "in a connected environment" here and soften the language in the intro paragraph below. 
@browsell and @kenyis does this sound acceptable to you?

Author: @imiller0 Changed the title to "Tuning a cluster for DU workloads on single node OpenShift".

Reviewer 2: I still don't think it rings true.
 How about "Tuning single node OpenShift for a DU workload"

Author: @djuran @imiller0 I'll make this change in the next iteration, after QE finishes their review.

Author: @djuran @imiller0 Change has been made.

Reviewer 2: LGTM

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: sno-du-deploying-distributed-units-manually-on-single-node-openshift-connected

toc::[]

The procedures in this topic tell you how to manually deploy clusters on a small number of single nodes as a distributed unit (DU) during installation in a connected environment.

The procedures do not describe how to install single node OpenShift (SNO). This can be accomplished through many mechanisms. Rather, they are intended to capture the elements that should be configured as part of the installation process:

> * Networking is needed to enable connectivity to the SNO DU when the installation is complete.

Author: @imiller0 @yliu127 Yang - please provide the "initial setup" information you were talking about. We need a better intro to the "connected environment" - why they want to do this, any deviations to installation/configuration, etc.

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="sno-du-deploying-distributed-units-manually-on-single-node-openshift-connected"]
= Deploying distributed units manually on single node OpenShift in a connected environment
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: sno-du-deploying-distributed-units-manually-on-single-node-openshift-connected

toc::[]

> The procedures in this topic tell you how to manually deploy clusters on a small number of single nodes as a distributed unit (DU) during installation in a connected environment.

Reviewer: As noted in the comment above, softening the language here as the main intent is to document what configuration is needed to tune a cluster for DU workloads regardless of the connect/disconnected environment.
```suggestion
The procedures in this topic tell you how to manually configure a small number of Single Node OpenShift clusters to support distributed unit (DU) workloads. When used in a disconnected environment modifications may be necessary based on the location of Operators within the disconnected registry.
```

Author: Made this change.
